gh-141004: Document stack effect APIs (#141843)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/veryhigh.rst

      * :pep:`484`

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

Stack Effects
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. seealso::
   :py:func:`dis.stack_effect`

.. c:macro:: PY_INVALID_STACK_EFFECT

   Sentinel value representing an invalid stack effect.

   This is currently equivalent to ``INT_MAX``.

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. c:function:: int PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffect(int opcode, int oparg)

   Compute the stack effect of *opcode* with argument *oparg*.

   On success, this function returns the stack effect; on failure, this
   returns :c:macro:`PY_INVALID_STACK_EFFECT`.

   .. versionadded:: 3.4

> .. c:function:: int PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffectWithJump(int opcode, int oparg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. c:function:: int PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffectWithJump(int opcode, int oparg, int jump)
```
`WithJump` :-)

Author: Ah, we need to document what `jump` does. I'll edit this one locally.

      * :pep:`484`

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

Stack Effects

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that these funtions belong to "The Very High Level Layer", but I cannot find a better home for them. So I'm fine with documenting them in this file.

Author: The ideal solution would be to move all the compiler functions to their own file, but unfortunately, we're not allowed to do that without the EB approving it (see https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/141811#issuecomment-3566813364).

.. seealso::
   :py:func:`dis.stack_effect`

.. c:macro:: PY_INVALID_STACK_EFFECT

   Sentinel value representing an invalid stack effect.

   This is currently equivalent to ``INT_MAX``.

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. c:function:: int PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffect(int opcode, int oparg)

   Compute the stack effect of *opcode* with argument *oparg*.

   On success, this function returns the stack effect; on failure, this
   returns :c:macro:`PY_INVALID_STACK_EFFECT`.

   .. versionadded:: 3.4

.. c:function:: int PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffectWithJump(int opcode, int oparg, int jump)

   Similar to :c:func:`PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffect`, but also includes the

>    stack effect of jumping depending on the value of *jump*.

Reviewer 2: PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffect() does include the effect of jumping, no?

```suggestion
   Similar to :c:func:`PyCompile_OpcodeStackEffect`, but don't include the
   stack effect of jumping if *jump* is zero.
```

Author: Yes, that's correct. Good catch!
